Create rule S6321: Administration services access should be restricted to specific IP addresses (#188)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6321/recommended.adoc

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

> It's recommended to restrict access to remote administration services to only trusted IP addresses, those held by system administrators or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bastion_host[bastion-like] access control tools.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "bastion-like access control tools“?

Reviewer 2: eg:
* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bastion_host
* https://aws.amazon.com/quickstart/architecture/linux-bastion/?nc1=h_ls

Reviewer: I am familiar with the notion of "bastion". I was just wondering if "access control tools" means a specific set of tool to interact with a "bastion".
Also, "bastion" can be EC2 instance exposing their SSH port to the internet and I think the rule will raise on this case. Is it a problem?

Reviewer 2: I can remove "access control tools" to clarify the sentence
As a bastion can be whatever server therefore if a developer wants to re-implement the wheel by creating his own bastion with an EC2 instance, in this case the rule will indeed raise an issue.

I don't think it's a problem,  the finding is still interesting despite it will certainly be closed as "won't fix" by the developer in this case.

Reviewer: Reading again the sentence I think I understand the recommendation now.
I understood it like this " It's recommended to ... (use a) bastion-like access control tools".
Although the recommendation is "It's recommended to restrict access to remote administration services to ... bastion server IPs".

I would recommend to split the sentence in two:
```suggestion
It's recommended to restrict access to remote administration services to only trusted IP addresses. In practice, trusted IP addresses are those held by system administrators or those from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bastion_host[bastion-like] servers.
```

As a secondary remark: I don't understand why you say "re-implement the wheel" when a developer use an EC2 instance as a bastion. It seams to me that it's a fairly common way to implement a bastion.
AWS [QuickStart for Linux Bastion](https://github.com/aws-quickstart/quickstart-linux-bastion/blob/main/templates/linux-bastion.template) is based on an Auto Scaling group which is basically a group of EC2 instances.

Reviewer 2: Yeap I didn't check in depth what the AWS quickstart is doing and indeed it instantiates EC2 type of resources (I was thinking about other kind of resources).
